how come we never met before now we did
meet I was eight or nine the Wong boys
were taunting me
you beat the heck out of him will has a
surprise for her mother she talked to
you mother bonus
does she know we have sex no well she
thinks we conjugate Latin verbs her
mother so much okay yo he's not
listening seriously well why don't you
just tell her she knows she kept setting
you up with guys oh I'm sorry
because she has a surprise huh were you
doing her what of her home baby who's
the father
she won't say like to meet her you don't
know my mom exactly
Ninomiya now paulinho ha do you know
what kind of karmic hell I'd have to pay
as a Chinese daughter didn't take in her
own mom matter wrong
what about mr. Park over at Smiley's
daily my landlords a Chinese guy he's
not very chatty but he's rich book him
Danno now mother and daughter it's so
much the hallway I will face their fears
kiss me right here in front of all these
people and find a way to find each other
Joan chin wait
reapz already - police official look
totally true
Michelle Cruz ik my so long you're
beautiful
saving face people William why you love
ma mail mail
[Music]